Alright in this part of the course we
are going to take a look at working with
exception handling and when things go
wrong inside our application. So there's
a couple scenarios that we need to
accommodate for. One is where we run into
an unexpected error. So that's going to
throw an unexpected exception in which
we need to handle and deal with. Right
now we haven't configured anything
inside a Spring Boot and Spring MVC to
handle this. So we kind of go to a generic
error page. We want to be a little more
friendly on that. Another scenario is
where we can run into things that we
could expect like if somebody puts in a
wrong ID, wrong a recipe ID value and it's
simply not found in the database. Right
now we go to a generic error page. Not
something that we want to do. We want to
be detecting those errors and do
something that's friendly for the user
and we're also going to get into
externalizing some of the properties. The
String values and we're going to look at
something called Internationalization.
Internationalization allows us to
take the String values that we display
on the screen and put those into
language files and make our application
internationalize. And you'll often see
this abbreviated as I18N and that is
an abbreviation of Internationalization. If you look at the characters in
Internationalization, it comes up to 18
so that's why they do a shorthand I18N.
So Internationalization is a very
important feature when you're working on
multi-language apps. There's great
support inside of Spring and we're going
to take a look at that as we get through
this section of the course.